Add section for experimental custom regex scopes to customization.md (#2315)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/customization.md

Now when you say eg "push down air and bat", cursorless will first select the two tokens with a gray hat over the `a` and `b`, then issue the VSCode command `editor.action.moveLinesDownAction`, and then restore your original selection.

## \[Experimental\] Cursorless custom regex scopes

You can define custom scopes in `user/cursorless-settings/experimental/regex_scope_types.csv`

> [!TIP]

> > Use `visualize [scope]` to see a live preview of the regex scope (must save `regex_scope_types.csv` to see changes)

Author: Updated

---
Command `visualize dotted` with the following scope type `dotted,"[\w.]+"`

> ![image](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/assets/13824365/b54263a3-74b7-40d5-a1aa-cd7bbe86430b)

Reviewer: huh what is this assets thing? is this because it was on the wiki? I wonder if it will stick around once it is removed from the wiki 🤔. We could just put it in assets in the repo

Author: That's where it was put when I attached the screenshot to the wiki page.

Author: When you say "just put it in assets in the repo", what directory are you referring to?

Reviewer: See https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/blob/cursorless-tutorial/docs/user/README.md?plain=1#L188

You can then use commands such as

> * `take dotted sun` to select "user.text" (line 10)
> * `take dotted urge` to select "user.chrome_mod" (line 11)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"take dotted sun"` to select `user.text` (line 10)
* `"copy dotted urge"` to copy `user.chrome_mod` (line 11)
* `"take every dotted urge"` to select `user.chrome_mod`, `shift`, and `a`
```

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: I might also make this a tip?

Author: Not clear what you wanted. Let me know after I send the new version if anything still needs changing.

> > Examples are at https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/wiki/Custom-regex-scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check out [our wiki page](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/wiki/Custom-regex-scopes) for a recipe book of user-created regex scopes!
```

> 

Reviewer: I might add a warning admonition here about the fact that the regexes can't cross line boundaries. We could also point out that the regexes have the unicode flag set? Idk. Fwiw [here](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/blob/02e70878d3115cabd85ed23b11adb4de6868e7d0/packages/cursorless-engine/src/processTargets/modifiers/scopeHandlers/RegexScopeHandler.ts#L60)'s where we ingest their regexes

Author: Added warning and info link to implementation.

Author: Took many tries, but figured out how it's doing relative links. I mean the result seems intuitive, but not what the GitHub main docs made me think should be done.
